Prepare template documents for furo style docs (#1131)
oemof/oemof-solph: CONTRIBUTING.rst

    git clone git@github.com:oemof/oemof-solph.git

3. Install oemof.solph in editable mode with dev dependencies::

    pip install -e ./path/to/local/clone[dev]

4. Create a branch for local development::

>     git checkout -b name-of-your-bugfix-or-feature

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    `git checkout -b features/name-of-your-feature` or  `git checkout -b fix/name-of-your-fix`
```
